So write a full show IP protocols no protocols of running at the moment rota BGP 65000 for nevus 17
1 1 2 remote.
Yes 65000 and 3 and put the wrong IP address they should be 17 1 1 1.
Now what's the problem.
What have I got to do.
I forgot to configure rodder three with 4S details
so I need to do the site as well.
Otherwise the neighbor relationship won't come up.
So
17:1 want to promote a yes 65000 full notice the neighbor relationship has come up.
It's really important to have your documentation right on the site.
Notice that neighbor relationship has come up as well.
So let's advertise the loopback address.
Notice I should specify the mosque
and I can also advertise 17 1 1 0 with the mosque.
You don't have to advertise them both sites but you can do that.
So show IP BGP we are seeing results in the writing table.
These eight these 15 to 17.
Again you don't have to advertise on both sides but you can do that in case one of the broadcast goes
down or an interface goes down in your network.
If multiple routers advertise you have redundancy.
So notice this network and all expand the console window.
Network originated in the autonomy system.
Then it went through this autonomous system then through this autonomy system and then the local autonomous
system received the route the route is valid.
Next hop is the router.
So we should be able to ping the loopback of thought of one which we can we should be able to trace
the loop back to one which we can traffic went to route history right it to and then wrote a one in
the same way show IP BGP on route one shows us the loop back of Rato for the network originated in this
autonomy system went through those autonomous system then the autonomy system and was then received
by the local autonomous system.
The rot was advertised by Rodda to second rate of one paying the loopback of waterfall.
Yes it can.
Can we trace to the loopback of waterfall.
Yes we can.
So weve successfully configured this network with BGP.
How did you do.
Were you able to configure the network and get it working.
Make sure that you can before you go for your CCMA exam the next video is a troubleshooting video.
Make sure that you can troubleshoot BGP before taking your exam.